Sync left nav + Concept cards ordering (#3724)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/concepts/_index.md

<!-- how & projects -->
<div class="md:flex flex-row mt-6 mb-6">
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid md:ml-4 border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/how-pulumi-works"><i class="fas fa-laptop-code pr-2"></i>How Pulumi works</a></h3>
        <p>Learn about how Pulumi performs deployments under the hood.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/projects"><i class="fas fa-folder-open pr-2"></i>Projects</a></h3>
        <p>Learn how Pulumi projects are organized and configured.</p>
    </div>
</div>

<!-- stacks & resources -->
<div class="md:flex flex-row mt-6 mb-6">
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid md:ml-4 border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/stack"><i class="fas fa-cloud pr-2"></i>Stacks</a></h3>
        <p>Learn how to create and deploy stacks.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/resources"><i class="fas fa-server pr-2"></i>Resources</a></h3>

>         <p>Learn more about how to use and manage resources in your program.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Learn more about how to use and manage resources in your programs.</p>
```

    </div>
</div>

<!-- resource options & inputs/outputs -->
<div class="md:flex flex-row mt-6 mb-6">
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid md:ml-4 border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/options"><i class="fas fa-swatchbook pr-2"></i>Resource options</a></h3>

>         <p>Learn more about how to use and manage resources options in your program.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Learn more about how to use and manage resource options in your program.</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid border-t-2 border-gray-200">

>         <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/inputs-outputs"><i class="fas fa-file-import pr-2"></i>Inputs and Outputs</a></h3>

Reviewer: Just for sentence-case consistency:

```suggestion
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/inputs-outputs"><i class="fas fa-file-import pr-2"></i>Inputs and outputs</a></h3>
```

        <p>Learn how to use resource properties to handle dependencies between resources.</p>
    </div>
</div>

<!-- config & secrets -->
<div class="md:flex flex-row mt-6 mb-6">
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid md:ml-4 border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/config"><i class="fas fa-toolbox pr-2"></i>Configuration</a></h3>
        <p>Learn how to configure stacks for different deployment scenarios.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/secrets"><i class="fas fa-key pr-2"></i>Secrets</a></h3>
        <p>Learn how to handle sensitive data and how to store secret encrypted settings in Pulumi.</p>
    </div>
</div>

<!--  esc & state backends-->
<div class="md:flex flex-row mt-6 mb-6">
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid md:ml-4 border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/environments"><i class="fas fa-cubes pr-2"></i>Environments (ESC)</a></h3>

>         <p>Learn how to configure various environments in Pulumi.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Learn how to configure your deployment environments with Pulumi ESC.</p>
```

    </div>
     <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid border-t-2 border-gray-200">

>         <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/state"><i class="fas fa-file-alt pr-2"></i>State and Backends</a></h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/state"><i class="fas fa-file-alt pr-2"></i>State and backends</a></h3>
```

        <p>Learn how Pulumi stores state and manages concurrency.</p>
    </div>
</div>

<!-- logging & update plans -->
<div class="md:flex flex-row mt-6 mb-6">
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid md:ml-4 border-t-2 border-gray-200">
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/logging"><i class="fas fa-clipboard-list pr-2"></i>Logging</a></h3>
        <p>Learn about how to access log information for diagnostics and debugging.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="md:w-1/2 border-solid border-t-2 border-gray-200">

>         <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/update-plans"><i class="fas fa-upload pr-2"></i>Update Plans</a></h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <h3 class="no-anchor pt-4"><a href="/docs/concepts/update-plans"><i class="fas fa-upload pr-2"></i>Update plans</a></h3>
```

>         <p>Learn how to use update plans.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Learn about how to constrain your deployments with update plans.</p>
```
